# gama_consult_Test
Test reporitory for Gama Consult Project

## About Dependencies
* express: Makes life easier in Node with less tangled code. Express is related to Node as JQuery is related to JS
* express-handlebars: vew engine for Express (makes html less complex, similar to Angular sintaxys)
* express-session: session management for Express. Sessions are for save data on service memory
* mysql: npm module to set DB connection
* express-mysql-session: module to store DB sessions, very useful on Production
* morgan: displays logs to know what the client has asked to the server (http requests)
* - bcryptjs: password encription
* - passport: user authentication
* - passport-local: user authentication through DB
* - timeago.js: time-data format
* connect-flash: for users feedback - displays error and success messages-
* express-validator: validate clients data

## About DevDependencies    
    - Dependencies which are not need in Production but in Development
* nodemon: to resart server automatictly

## On package.json:
> "dev": start file. 

## Run Project:
> npm run dev
> localhost:4000 - it can be any port really
______________________
## Project Organization
# In a nutshell:
    * scr:
        > lib/
        > public/
        > routes/
        > views/
        > database.js
        > index.js
        > key.js
    * package.json
    * README.md
    * .gitignore

# In detail
* database.js: DB settings for connection
* index.js: App starting file
    > With project settings
        * Express
        * Morgan
        * Handlebars
        * Routes/
        * Middlewares/
    > Lines without comments means settings not currently used /*29/05/2020*/
* keys.js: all secret data. 
    > Database credentials
     * * NOTE 1: this file is include in .gitignore since is top secret xd I will sen it to you via Slack (u know to look fancier and pro).
* lib/
    > handlebars.js - not used yet /*29/05/2020*/
* public/ - All the resources that a client will be able to access, like images and styles.
    * styles/
        >styles.css not used yet /*29/05/2020*/
* routes/ - Contains a file per entity.
    > index.js - Just sample code. This should be deleted later since currently doesn't represent any entity, it's just for testing.
    > medicamento.js - All 'Medicamento'-entity routes
* views/
    * * NOTE 2: All .hbs behave same way as an .html, but they have an extra since ''Handlebars' is empowering them to enable do amazing things similar to those made by Angular like add and HTML into another HTML, bucles, conditions, among other things. This is very useful when it comes to code maintenance, since the code is cleaner and more organized.

    * layouts
        > main.hbs - Contains what all views have in common, like CDN(Bootstrap, GoogleFonots, DataTables, FoontAwasome), Stylesheets, or HTML Components (navigation bar)
    * partials - All the HTMLs that are part of others HTMLs. HTML components that are used in several pages, p. e. the code that build a 'Navigation Bar' or a 'Footer', or any other commponent we want. This is very useful to avoid writing several times the same code.
        > navigation.hbs - A Navigation Bar sample

    * * NOTE 3: Each Entity will have its views folder
    * medicamento - all 'Medicamento' entity views
        > list.hbs - displays a List of the first 10 medicines (the amount is just for testing)
        > add.hbs - just a sample view that illustrates a form to add new elements to the DB. At the moment this is not related to any DB, just sample code and view /*29/05/202*/
* .gitignore - Was generated by Github, which means there are things not really used, and it should be updated in future times. Just one line was manually add, to include 'keys.js' file.
